summer is around the corner and so is a
beach season bright Sun the fresh breeze
the sound of waves crashing against the
shore sand sticking to your feet
drinks getting hot within a second
scorching flip-flops sorry I carried
away there but I recently tried out some
great solutions to these Beach problems
and here are my top picks number one
sandy feet I'm sure just like you my
feet get covered in sand as soon as I
stepped foot on the beach and it's
nearly impossible to get rid of no
matter how much I try to shake or brush
it off the worst is trying to put my
shoes back on after a day at the beach
ya know what I mean
but I'm pretty sure I found the perfect
solution I just take baby powder
sprinkle some on an old handkerchief or
any piece of cloth really and wrap it up
tight at the beach before going home I
rub the baby powder onto my feet and
guess what it absorbs all the moisture
and even the tiniest grains of sand fall
off number two a car key hide away
something catastrophic always seems to
happen every time I take my car key to
beach I've had asset disappear into the
sea another time I lost somewhere in the
sand and there was that time the key got
so hot that I wouldn't work please tell
me you've dealt with this too well if so
then here's a nice trick
take a flower stem or a blade of grass
and tie it to your keyring after that
squeeze the plant in between the tread
on your tires and let the key hang down
the inner side
voila now you don't have to worry about
losing your keys at the beach number
three a safe for your valuables
sometimes or most of the time you just
want to hit the beach alone but the bad
thing about that is you don't have
anyone to watch your stuff for you the
answer turns out to be much simpler than
you'd ever think I put my phone wallet
and other valuables in a diaper
a clean one of course I also know that
some people use underwear for the same
purpose believe me thieves wouldn't even
think to go digging through a diaper
underwear number four dealing with
headaches I used to get really bad
headaches almost every time I went for a
swim then a friend of mine told me that
the change of pressure when you go
underwater can do that to you she told
me about this thing you can do to
prevent these sorts of headaches and I
do it every time now before I go
underwater I pinch my nose
close my mouth and try to blow up my
nose for about five seconds to create
some pressure in my head then I take a
deep breath in and do the same thing two
more times your body will then adapt to
this new pressure and you won't
experience even the slightest headaches
anymore number five a waterproof phone
case luckily it's never happened to me
but I've heard horror stories about
smart phones getting damaged by the
water or sand now if my phone isn't
hanging out in its handy little diaper
safe like when I want to use it then
it's always in a ziplock bag when I'm at
the beach before sealing the baggie
completely I take a straw and suck all
the air out
then just zip it up and there you go a
completely waterproof sand proof some
cover
number six unblocking your ears yep I'm
talking about that really annoying
feeling of having water stuck in your
ear you can lean over to one side swirl
your finger around in your ear yet
nothing seems to get rid of it well
except for one thing a simple balloon
as soon as I feel like my ears are all
blocked up pinch my nose and start
blowing up a balloon at some point
during that time I hear a quiet clicking
sound and my ears are back to normal so
yeah don't forget to grab a balloon next
time you hit the beach number seven a
fast refreshing drink if you don't have
a cooler to keep your drinks chilled at
the beach or you just don't feel like
packing one with you and try this a few
hours before I leave I fill a plastic
bottle about halfway up with water and
put it in the freezer once it's frozen I
take it with me to the beach
then I can just pour some up my drink
into my frozen bottle and the ice inside
cools the drink down right away
number eight that's perfect Beach
lounging setup feeling the sand between
your toes is amazing but having it cover
your towel or chair is definitely not
especially when the wind picks up and
starts blowing stuff all over the place
uh so instead of using a towel or chair
now I spread out on mattress cover and
secure its corners to the ground with
the help of some heavy objects like my
bag soles or flip flops it kind of ends
up looking like a little kiddy pool
without water so your stuff gets
protected by the makeshift walls number
nine cool flip flops it's crazy how hot
the Sun can get your flip flops after
they've been sitting on the beach even
for just a few minutes now this hack has
got to be the quickest and easiest all
you have to do is turn your sandals or
flip-flops over when you're not wearing
them this way they're not sitting
directly in the Sun so they won't scorch
your feet when you put them on number 10
for Sandy drink bottles let's say you
stop at the store on your way to the
beach for a nice cold bottle of water or
juice I know we all do right it's pretty
refreshing but it can get annoying real
fast when that bottle starts sweating
and the sand sticks to the water on it
well I just set my cold bottles inside
paper cups to keep the sand off them
okay it's not easy number eleven another
way to protect your phone remember that
ziplock bag trick I told you about
earlier
well let's say you're out of plastic
baggies but you obviously still don't
want your phone getting covered in sand
or water if you have some saran wrap in
your kitchen then you can use it instead
and guess what the touchscreen still
works I even took my phone into the
water with me and tested it out not
recommended but I just wanted to make
sure the main thing is to wrap your
gadget as thoroughly as you can of
course the more layers you add the less
the touchscreen works but hey police
your phone won't get damaged number 12
first aid for sunburns no matter how
much SPF I use I always end up with a
sunburn
yeah lucky me so as you can imagine aloe
vera gel is my desk beach buddy but
here's the pool hack I wanted to share
with you squeeze in Oliveira into an ice
tray and leave it in the freezer
whenever I come back from the beach I
just grab an aloe vera ice cube and use
it to wipe my face arms back or wherever
else the Sun managed to burn me you
won't believe how cooling and refreshing
it feels plus of course it'll heal your
burns - speaking of protecting your skin
from the Sun I can't stress how
important it really is not that you
didn't know that yourself of course but
still
in any case always remember to use SPF
even when it's cloudy apply at least one
ounce of sunscreen 20 to 30 minutes
before you set off for the beach don't
forget to protect your lips because the
skin there is the most vulnerable I use
a lip balm with SPF 30
put some more sunscreen on your skin at
least once every two hours but if you go
for a swim
do it once an hour try to stay out of
the Sun from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. that's
when it's the most intense and can do
the most damage to your skin make sure
any medications you might be taking
don't increase sensitivity to the Sun a
lot of anti-inflammatories antibiotics
antifungals and blood pressure medicines
can do this do you know any other tricks
that can make your time at the beach way
more comfortable then let me know down
in the comments
and don't forget to give this video a
like share it with your friends and hit
that subscribe button to stay on the
right side of life
[Music]